19-04-2023

Privacy Policy

This privacy policy governs the way that we collect, use, maintain, and disclose information collected from users of our mobile application "Flock Ministries".

Information Collection and Use

We only collect the mobile phone number that the user provides during the login process. This information is solely used for the purpose of user 
identification and login and is not shared with any third parties.
The App is used for distributing video and audio content produced by Flock Ministries. We do not collect any personal information from our users. 
We do not track or store any information about the content that users watch or download.

Contact Information

If you need to contact Flock Ministries, you can do so by emailing us at flockfoundation@gmail.com. We will use your email address solely to respond 
to your inquiry and will not share it with any third parties.

Data Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. 
We restrict access to personal information to our employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, 
or improve our services. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, 
while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the 
Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between 
you and us through this App cannot be guaranteed.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to update or change this privacy policy at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page, with an updated date at 
the top of the page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy 
periodically and become aware of modifications.

By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App.